We are the number 1 flower shop in the whole Albay Area. We Deliver Flowers and chocolate bouquets in the whole Albay Area. We can deliver on different occasions like Valentines, Mother’s day, Birth Day, Anniversaries, Graduations, Inauguration, and Funeral. Using the same technology as Philflora.com, We are able to deliver flower bouquets in the area of Legazpi, Bacaycay, Camalig, Daraga, Guinobatan, Jovellar, Libon, Ligao, Malilipot, Malinao, Manito, Oas, Pio Duran, Polangui, Rapu-rapu, Santo Domingo, Tabaco, and Tiwi area. We have a handful of expert florists who will ensure you that your loved ones will receive a beautiful floral bouquet.

Albay is a land of beauty and nature. There is a lot of attraction in Albay that we can visit. Albay is well-known thanks to the beauty of Mayon Volcano that never fails to amaze anyone’s eyes who will stare at it. But there is more aside from the Mayon volcano. You can relax and cool off your mind at Vera Falls, You can also enjoy island hopping and visit different heritage sites that will surely captivate your heart. If you have your loved ones in Albay, you can send them flower bouquets that will surely appreciate their beauty and kindness.

Send Flower Bouquet to Bicol Region
Albay flora now can deliver in Bicol Region. We have a special team that is tasked to deliver flower bouquets in different parts of the Bicol Region. You can choose from more than 200+ varieties of products and ads. You can also add your personalized message attached to the flower bouquet. We are confident that your loved ones will be joyful in your flower bouquet surprise because we have expert florists who are 100% committed to creating premium quality flower bouquets to make sure that your love and passion will be expressed properly. We can deliver in the provinces of Albay, Camarines Norte, Camarines Sur, Cataduanes, Masbate, Sorsogon.  No matter where you are, our delivery team will reach you.

Send Flowers to the Philippines
Do you live in Albay and do your loved ones live somewhere in the Philippines? We got you covered. Albay flora can deliver flower bouquets to any part of the Philippines. Using the technology and methods of Philflora.com, we are able to deliver flower bouquets in any part of the Philippines. You should not be worried because we are ensuring you that your loved ones will receive a fresh and beautiful flower bouquet that will leave a good impression on him/them. We are 100% committed that your feelings will be conveyed with our flower bouquet. Choose the right flowers and wrapper color that will suit her, we have different varieties of products and each product is customizable according to the likings of your loved ones. Attach a special message for your special someone and you are good to go. We are sure that your loved ones will feel your affection for them even you are a thousand miles away.